[blog][posts]: Fix links for initial implementation of link checker (#299)
json-schema-org/website: pages/blog/posts/bowtie-intro.md

From the existing [list of JSON Schema implementations](https://json-schema.org/implementations.html#validators), Bowtie already [supports](https://github.com/orgs/bowtie-json-schema/packages) *12* implementations across *9* programming languages, allowing anyone to run any of these implementations and see what they have to say about schemas and instances.

> It ships with a [command line program](https://bowtie-json-schema.readthedocs.io/en/latest/cli/), but perhaps more excitingly, ongoing automated runs of this CLI have been set up, such that Bowtie emits a report across all of its supported implementations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It ships with a [command line program](https://docs.bowtie.report/en/stable/cli/) but perhaps more excitingly, ongoing automated runs of this CLI have been set up, such that Bowtie emits a [report across all of its supported implementations](https://bowtie.report).
```

If you have no existing preferred setup for installing Python applications, [install `pipx` using the platform-specific instructions for your OS](https://pipx.pypa.io/stable/), then run:

```sh

> pipx install bowtie-json-schema

Reviewer 2: why was the $ removed here??

```

which should give you a working Bowtie, which you can check via:

```sh

> bowtie --help

Reviewer 2: any specific reason we removed the $ here?? And is this related to this PR context??

I myself am not a frontend developer, in case that wasn't obvious.
What I put together (with Bootstrap) is essentially the bare minimum of what's needed to show off results Bowtie emits.
If you have more experience or headspace to think about how to effectively report test results, or compare implementations, please help!

> All of Bowtie's "frontend code" today lives in one place, [a Jinja2 template which gets formatted into a static single page site](https://github.com/bowtie-json-schema/bowtie/blob/main/bowtie/templates/report.html.j2).

Reviewer: This isn't true anymore, but was true at the time of the post. Link-wise/stylistically I think the proper thing to do is probably just to link to a commit from the time, so that'd be e.g. https://github.com/bowtie-json-schema/bowtie/blob/b23644eb86cf9bcbdf1d98149cf3d976339f7cdf/bowtie/templates/report.html.j2

This sort of thing is why some blogs do "post updated on XYZ" things, so if we wanted to correct the *information* that seems like a decent thing to do but possibly relies on some infrastructure we may not have yet on the frontend (i.e. the ability to have multiple versions of the post, or at least to add that "updated on" note). I'd probably just change the link here for now and if we really cared we can come back later to make the note about accuracy because there undoubtedly are a bunch of things in this post which are now fixed/no longer true.

Author: @Julian For now I have just changed the link. I do not have deep understanding of the current infrastructure but we could just add another field to the markdown gray matter titled `last-updated` and just make desired changes, set the updated date and add this new updated date component somewhere next to the first release date.

I myself am not a frontend developer, in case that wasn't obvious.
What I put together (with Bootstrap) is essentially the bare minimum of what's needed to show off results Bowtie emits.
If you have more experience or headspace to think about how to effectively report test results, or compare implementations, please help!

> All of Bowtie's "frontend code" today lives in one place, [a Jinja2 template which gets formatted into a static single page site](https://github.com/bowtie-json-schema/bowtie/blob/b23644eb86cf9bcbdf1d98149cf3d976339f7cdf/bowtie/templates/report.html.j2).i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of Bowtie's "frontend code" today lives in one place, [a Jinja2 template which gets formatted into a static single page site](https://github.com/bowtie-json-schema/bowtie/blob/b23644eb86cf9bcbdf1d98149cf3d976339f7cdf/bowtie/templates/report.html.j2).
```

Author: Oops! There has been another mistake too! I have fixed both.
